I think the challenge is the most. I mean, there were a lot of challenges.
There were just, you know, the workload was a lot, you know, going
to being a student and working, even though I mean, I was only working
part time, so even that was a lot for me. Um, I think another
struggle was watching. This was especially true when I got into graduate
school, um, watching my friends and peers who had, you know, gone
from a bachelor's degree into a career path. And so they were now
developing their careers, and I was still in school. And so, you know,
they were starting to make money and by cars and, you know, have
nicer apartments and go on vacations and do things like that. And
I was still in, you know, starving student mode. And that was that was
tough. Teoh kind of stay the course because I saw the, you know,
like how well my friends were doing in their jobs. Um, I'm glad that
I did stay the course. I'm glad that I didn't quit and, you know, go
chase the money. Um, the money has come, and I'm very happy doing
what I'm doing. Um, and I can't say that That's true for all of my friends
who who went into careers, you know, maybe, like right out of
the bachelor's degrees. Um, there, you know, maybe they're making money,
but maybe they're not making as much money as they need to be
happy, I guess you could say, And that's because they're not super excited
about what they do every day. You spend a lot of your life doing
your career and so to me, I am so glad that I took the time Thio
get me to a career that I really, really enjoy doing.